docs(1079): Add instructions for adding deploy keys to the pipeline (#401)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/cluster-management/configure-api.md

            email: dev-null@screwdriver.cd # [Optional] Email for code checkout
            commentUserToken: A_BOT_GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN # [Optional] Token for writing PR comments in Github, needs "public_repo" scope
            privateRepo: false # [Optional] Set to true to support private repo; will need read and write access to public and private repos (https://developer.github.com/v3/oauth/#scopes)

>             autoDeployKeyGeneration: false # Set to true to allow automatic generation of private and public deploy keys and add them to the build pipeline and github respectively

Reviewer: can you add this here too: https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/blob/master/config/default.yaml#L209
```suggestion
            autoDeployKeyGeneration: false # [Optional] Set to true to allow automatic generation of private and public deploy keys and add them to the build pipeline and Github, respectively
```

```

If users want to use private repo, they also need to set up `SCM_USERNAME` and `SCM_ACCESS_TOKEN` as [secrets](../../user-guide/configuration/secrets) in their `screwdriver.yaml`.

In order to enable [meta PR comments](../user-guide/metadata), you’ll need to create a bot user in Git with a personal access token with the `public_repo` scope. In Github, create a new user. Follow instructions to [create a personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line), set the scope as `public_repo`. Copy this token and set it as `commentUserToken` in your `scms` settings in your [API config yaml](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/blob/master/config/custom-environment-variables.yaml#L268-L269).

###### Deploy Keys

If users want to use deploy keys in their pipeline they have 2 options:

> * Enable automatic generation and handling of deploy keys as a part of the pipeline by using the `autoDeployKeyGeneration` flag in their `config/local.yaml`. With this flag enabled, the user will get an option to actually trigger the generation in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable automatic generation and handling of deploy keys as a part of the pipeline by setting the `autoDeployKeyGeneration` flag to `true` in their `config/local.yaml`. With this flag enabled, the user will get an option to actually trigger the generation in the UI.
```

            email: dev-null@screwdriver.cd # [Optional] Email for code checkout
            commentUserToken: A_BOT_GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN # [Optional] Token for writing PR comments in Github, needs "public_repo" scope
            privateRepo: false # [Optional] Set to true to support private repo; will need read and write access to public and private repos (https://developer.github.com/v3/oauth/#scopes)

>             autoDeployKeyGeneration: false # [Optional] Set to true to allow automatic generation of private and public deploy keys and add them to the build pipeline and Github, respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            autoDeployKeyGeneration: false # [Optional] Set to true to allow automatic generation of private and public deploy keys and add them to the build pipeline and Github for repo checkout, respectively
```

```

If users want to use private repo, they also need to set up `SCM_USERNAME` and `SCM_ACCESS_TOKEN` as [secrets](../../user-guide/configuration/secrets) in their `screwdriver.yaml`.

In order to enable [meta PR comments](../user-guide/metadata), you’ll need to create a bot user in Git with a personal access token with the `public_repo` scope. In Github, create a new user. Follow instructions to [create a personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line), set the scope as `public_repo`. Copy this token and set it as `commentUserToken` in your `scms` settings in your [API config yaml](https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/blob/master/config/custom-environment-variables.yaml#L268-L269).

###### Deploy Keys

> Deploy Keys are repo specific SSH keys. As opposed to Personal Access Tokens. which give user-wide access for all the repositories, deploy keys, because of their limited access, are preferred for private repositories. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy Keys are SSH keys that grant access to a single GitHub repository. This key is attached directly to the repository instead of to a personal user account, as opposed to Github personal access tokens. Github personal access tokens give user-wide access for all the repositories while deploy keys, on the other hand, give access to a single repository. Due to their limited access, deploy keys are preferred for private repositories. 
```
